Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-option-2-visual-basic-net-application-coding-exercise-2
<br>
<p class="ui header product-top-header" title="Option #2: Visual Basic .NET Application – Coding Exercise 2">Option #2: Visual Basic .NET Application – Coding Exercise 2 (Exercise 5, Zak, 2016, p. 575)an application contains the Structure statement shown here.Structure ComputerPublic strModel As StringPublic decCost As DecimalEnd StructureCreate a <a href="http://vb.net/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener">VB.Net</a> Windows Form application named ComputerProject_YourName. Change the name property of your form to frmMain.Add the Computer Structure to the public class frmMain.Add 2 text box controls and a command button to your form. Change the name properties of the controls to txtModel, txtCost, and btnExecute respectively. Change the Text property of the button to “Execute”.In the btnExecute click event, write a Dim statement that declares a 10-element one-dimensional array of Computer variables. Name the array business.Then write an assignment statement that assigns the value of txtModel to the strModel member contained in the first array element.Write an assignment statement that assigns the number the value of txtCost to the decCost member contained in the first array element.Set a breakpoint next to you’re the Dim statement of your business array. See page 829 in your text for how to set breakpoints in <a href="http://vb.net/" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopener">VB.Net</a> or search online.Run the form. Populate txtModel with “AR456”, and txtCost with 699.99.Click the Execute button. If set correctly execution should stop at the breakpoint.Use the Debug menu or shortcut keys to step through the code. All code should execute without error.Assignment Deliverables:

The zip file containing the Visual Studio solution and project files.